Twitch Discord Bridge huge refactoring (#5)
ollprogram/TwitchDiscordBridge: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/question_or_help.md

### Context

> bring us the theme, the context etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bring us the theme, the context, etc.
```

### Question

> your questions here with additional text if you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ask your questions here with additionnal text if needed
```
